Patent 1st round paid for and i have a few books out its been a good last five months. i feel like great grandpa is getting closer to the end of his life and that is hard to accept but i jsut keep moving forward and dont change my behvaior, why ? because i love him to much to lie, but we haev grown clsoer and the differnces between us are just verisons of acceptance, he is right that the way the left thinks is stupid in most regardes, the reasons why i disagree with is all. 

making steady progress on my systems i think, hard to say. we foudns ome patterns in our mathmatics. never sure if pqatterns in my work are good or bad, is it good to e predictable or bad in secrtiy? i guess sewruciry is a complex combitnation of the 2, if one was to say the earth is secure it would eb a werid thing in one dimswneion fo thought it has 1 moon, nd thats it. but it also has the other planets aroud  it. what makes it secure is the exact psotion it has in the grand desing. oh phi;lospy how you trick the mind lol
i miss you grandpa. great grandpa has jsut woken frommhis nap , and he misses his son more then i can put into words or that he will share openly either. i can remeerb you in the garage the last few times i seen you. i miss you to. you loved me more then i knew, i knoow that now. How? growht, loss, idk. i jsut knwo i lvoe you so much it huerts to thinkn of oyu sittin gon the couch in the toehr room while i layed in a bed you had given tyo me, to heal me and myself after i had dided and come abck , i love you spo mcu you old fucker. im sorry . i wih i had been there to here you, if i was it may have been differnt, but i dont knwo. 

